After a qPCR using SYBR Green, with no melting curve, can I see the green color of the sample with naked eyes under ambient light?
Let's suppose I run a qPCR of some sample, with no melting curve in the end. The dye is SYBR Green and the thermal cycler accused a successful amplification. When I take out the sample, can I see its green color inside the tube with my naked eyes under normal light? Or the light emitted by fluorescence is too dim to be detected by the eyes?

So, as far as I understood, I can't see the green light from the samples after qPCR because the light produced by fluorescence is too dim.
But if I put more SYBR green than usual, would it be possible? Since it's possible with ethidium bromide (using the appropriated wavelength) it should be possible also with the SYBR Green isn't it?

I think you can see the color in naked eyes.But it's just the color of reagents.Why do you ask such questions?

Thanks guys.
When I put it on the gel, I stain it with a dye in order to see the DNA sample. But, in the case of a qPCR sample, it has already a dye, the SYBR Green. What is the difference that make it visible in the gel, but not directly out of the thermal cycler? Again, considering there is no melting curve, since this last step denaturates the double strands and by doing so the SYBR Green, which binds almost only to double strands, cease do produce fluorescence.
I read some articles of LAMP PCR where they show pictures of SYBR Green stained samples and we are able to see their green color by naked eyes after the process, like this one https://www.nature.com/articles/srep04912. But I have never read an article about qPCR with thermal cyclers where we are able to see the colors after the process. Maybe is it because the LAMP technique produces a lot more amplification, so there is more fluorescence?

About the different excitation frequency, the SYBR green is excited under blue light and emits green light. So it should get excited under ambient white light (which contains all visible frequencies) and emit green light, visible to the naked eye. Then, why can't I see if after qPCR?
I'm asking it not because I want a second confirmation of a qPCR made in a real time thermal cycler. It's because I'm designing a amplification detection system, like the one present inside real time thermal cyclers, and I'm intrigued about the apparent lack of color of the samples after the qPCR process.